Issue #473 -- Introduce Duplicate Detection Endpoint (#475)
infinite-industries/infinite: api-server/README.md

local: http://localhost:3003/api/
prod:  https://api.infinite.industries/api/

## API Design Philosophy and Best Practices

* While database models use snake for fields the API should generally use camel case.
* Exceptions have been made for this where the data directly represents a database entity.

>   * This is not deal, we should not directly expose database model definitions via the api, but shortcuts
>     have been take.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This is not ideal, we should not directly expose database model definitions via the api, but shortcuts
    have been taken.
```
